# EmergencyRoomSimulation
This is an emergency room simulation that I've created for my final project in datastructures.

My final project is consisted by four header files (patient.h, simulation.h, staff.h, hospital.h) and one main source file. In the patient header file, there are two variables (one integer type of variable and one vector type of variable). I was not able to access the resident name list, so I used integers for 1 to 2000 for the names of the patients. In the vector variable, I stored every visit of every “ith” patient. In my staff header file, I used inheritance to access doctors and nurses through the staff class. Polymorphism was used to get the skill level and the available doctors and nurses. For example, doctors’ skill level is 20 and nurses skill level is 10, which is how I distinguished doctors and nurses. In my hospital header file, there is an implementation of one priority queue, two vectors, and one set type of variables. In the vector of the staff type, I stored nurses and doctors based on the input that the user gives. In the paired vector, I stored all the patients that currently being treated at the hospital. The first element of the pair consists of the severity of the patient so accessing the severity of the patient is a little easier. With regards to the priority queue, I am storing the patients coming to the hospital every hour. The priority enabled the program to access the highest severity level of illness in a short time complexity. In the set type of variable, I am storing the all information of patients being treated in the hospital. In the simulation header file, there are six functions that are running my simulation. Each one has a unique function to perform. The main two functions are HealingProcess() and runSim(). In HealingProcess(), I am healing as many patients as I can using temporary variables. In runSim(), I am simulating HealingProcess() on a minute-by-minute basis for the entire weak and calling HealingProcess() in every minute to simulate.
